Add blog post "5 steps to automate repetitive tasks in software development" (#7071)
sourcegraph/about: content/blogposts/2024/gp-5_steps_to_automate_repetitive_tasks_in_software_dev.md

3. **Testing and monitoring**: Regularly test your commands and monitor your automated tasks to confirm they perform as expected and not introduce new issues. Regular testing helps you identify and address potential issues early, preventing disruptions in your automated workflows. Consider using the automated testing tools discussed above to streamline this process for consistent and thorough coverage.

## Conclusion

Embracing automation in the software development process has the potential to transform workflows, save time, and increase productivity. Identifying repetitive tasks, selecting the appropriate tools, and implementing customized solutions can greatly improve your coding standards and reduce the burden of routine tasks.

> [Cody](https://sourcegraph.com/cody) is a utility and valuable tool for automating various development activities, including code reviews, code generation, documentation, fixing coding issues, and automating deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Cody](https://sourcegraph.com/cody) is a valuable tool for automating various development activities including code generation, refactoring, documentation, fixing coding issues, and generating unit tests.
```

3. After creating the name and setting how the command will run, you will add the prompt that Cody will use to perform the desired actions.
![A precise and descriptive prompt for Cody to use for code generation.](https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/5-steps-to-automate-repetitive-tasks-in-software-development/image_005.png)

4. Select the context in which the new command will run. For this example, set the command to pick context from the current file and the open tabs in our code editor.
![Select the context that the custom command will use to give the best result.](https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/5-steps-to-automate-repetitive-tasks-in-software-development/image_006.png)

You can save your custom command settings to your machine globally for all workspaces or to a particular workspace. In this example, the setting was saved for all workspaces or projects. Below is a 60-second video demo showing how the custom command works for code generation.

> https://drive.google.com/file/d/1nIzT6vYA-0ZcyWtM96vZwJG1K6bcDaQY/view?usp=drivesdk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Video
  source={{
    mp4: 'blog/a_simpler_way_to_understand_legacy_code/custom-command-cody'
  }}
  loop={true}
  caption="Creating custom commands with Cody"
/>
```
